Implement `ppm_specs` pass (#1794)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  Use this pass via the :func:`~.passes.ppm_compilation` decorator to compile circuits 
  in a single pipeline.

>   * Function `get_ppm_specs` to get the specs in a JSON object after a PPR/PPM compilations is ran

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * A new function `get_ppm_specs` to get the result statistics after a PPR/PPM compilations is available. The statistics is returned in a Python dictionary.
```
